README.md, before:

# Course Homepage
insert 26T1 link

# Course Forum
insert forum link

# My Email
b.setiawan@unsw.edu.au

# FAQ
### Are there any group projects?

For labs, optionally yes. For assignments, no.  

### What is the late penalty?

Labs, quizzes and assignments will be penalised by 0.2\% per hour or part thereof.
The penalty is deducted off the attained mark.
After 5 days, submissions are no longer accepted.

### Is there class participation / attendance?

No.

### Can I go to other tutorials?

Yes.

### I'm stuck, where can I get help?

For starters, try searching your problem online. 90% of the time, someone on Reddit has already encountered this problem and you will find a solution. This could be the most important skill that you should develop as a developer / engineer!

If you require specialised help, search the forum first then make a post.

Finally, you can email me...

### How does lab marking work?

Labs may either have an automarked component, a handmarked component, or both.

The automarked component must be submitted online by the due date shown in the lab spec, after which late penalties apply.
An autograder will then run your code through tests which will decide your score.

The handmarked component is due up to three weeks from the week it was assigned.
This must be marked by me or our lab assistant in person.
We will usually ask you to explain your solution, followed by some short questions.

For example, the week 1 lab is due Monday 12pm, week 2. The automarked component must be submitted by this time. The handmarked component can be marked up till Friday, week 3.

You cannot get labs marked in HELP sessions.

### What's your favourite colour!?

Purple.

Commit message:

Significant changes to root README. Small changes to week-1 README.

README.md, after:

# Course Homepage
insert 26T1 link

# Course Forum
insert forum link

# My Email
b.setiawan@unsw.edu.au

# Introduction
Welcome to COMP2521, Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA)!
DSA covers a large variety of techniques and knowledge required to store, manipulate and utilise data efficiently. For some of you, this may be the most important course in your career.

This repository will contain most of what I teach in tutorials, with the exception of whiteboard drawings or external tools such as visualisers.

In previous terms, I would recap lecture content for the first half of the tutorial. I am moving on from this style and will instead opt for more open-ended tutorials so that I can focus on problems that you all have more trouble with. As such, please watch the lectures before coming to class.

# Prerequisites
- Watch :eyes: or Star :star: this repository to get notified of changes.
- Read the [FAQ](#1-faq)!

# FAQ
### Are there any group projects?

For labs, optionally yes. For assignments, no.  

### What is the late penalty?

Labs, quizzes and assignments will be penalised by 0.2\% per hour or part thereof.
The penalty is deducted off the attained mark.
After 5 days, submissions are no longer accepted.

### Is there class participation / attendance?

No.

### Can I go to other tutorials?

Yes.

### I'm stuck, where can I get help?

For starters, try searching your problem online. 90% of the time, someone on Reddit has already encountered this problem and you will find a solution. This could be the most important skill that you should develop as a developer / engineer!

If you require specialised help, search the forum first then make a post.

Finally, you can email me...

### How does lab marking work?

Labs may either have an automarked component, a handmarked component, or both.

The automarked component must be submitted online by the due date shown in the lab spec, after which late penalties apply.
An autograder will then run your code through tests which will decide your score.

The handmarked component is due up to three weeks from the week it was assigned.
This must be marked by me or our lab assistant in person.
We will usually ask you to explain your solution, followed by some short questions.

For example, the week 1 lab is due Monday 12pm, week 2. The automarked component must be submitted by this time. The handmarked component can be marked up till Friday, week 3.

You cannot get labs marked in HELP sessions.

### What's your favourite colour!?

Purple.
